Learn a lot of people so that there was more than a venum comedy audience.
I mean if this is your I'm going to present launch fights Indras those fights are very important.
In particular if you have many programs to imagine that you have several nodes and you want to run that.
So what you have been doing so far is we open a terminal and we use the restaurant to open every node
in a separate them.
This becomes really cumbersome when we have a lot of notes to open at the same time.
Fortunately in the there are large files which allow you to define several nodes which can be executed
all at once.
So let's see how it works before going into the coding part.
Let's understand what is a long fight.
So olanzapine is nothing but an excellent document which specifies if you thinks it specifies what are
the notes that we execute.
It also specifies some of the parameters that we can collect into the notes.
And also it can include some other existing launch fights in order to run a large file.
We can use the command or a slash like we use Roussillon for executing a node.
We use the commanders.
Now that is a program that easily launches multiple rows of notes that are defined in the lunchtime
and by convention the last viage would have a large extension.
Now let's go to the coding I'm now to show the importance and usability of Rumsfeld's other simple example
using the simulator.
But of course you can extend and generalize the use of lost files with any Rusnak.
So remember that you have the same cleaner application that you have the before.
And now imagine that I would like to open a simulator.
So first of all I need to start the score.
This is a first terminal that you have to open or to start with Scott.
And then I need to open a second terminal where I on the simulator turtle theme and then that's you
know.
OK so this is a second term and if I want to open a third note for example making the operation of the
robot I need to open a third then we don't use ingress to run then our third scheme and then it's the.
And that's Kartini up.
This is the third node.
So I can use the oars to make more.
And if I want to open my own program which is called turtled simply or I need to open a fourth 10 minute
run which is not interest is such a city B then turtle seem greener.
But back then I was going to exit at the second is going to go to this location here.
So you can see I had to open so many terminals and of course if I have programs to open I need to open
more and more terminals which is very cumbersome and not very efficient.
So instead of doing that we can simplify the process by defining large fights.
So let's see how it works.
I'm going to stop programs.
Let be just move somewhere.
I'm going to stop the whole programs and instead of running four different nodes into four different
10 minutes I can define a lunch right.
So here we have lunch like go to the scene of which just happen to notice.
So we're going to open the turtle.
Note and also the opening.
OK.
So remember here we have often the turtle C note and we have also opened the deli up no the last five
is actually an extremely fine that starts with the tag lounge.
And we also finish with a top lounge and beside the lounge that we can define several notes using the
tag node and the year that I've noticed has several parameters like the package name.
OK so here we make restaurant.
Then we call the package name.
OK.
So the packaging needs to see and then the type is actually the node name OK.
So the no need here is called the C underscore Nazis is the name of the package.
And this is the name of the node.
OK.
That you are going to start or the type of the node we're going to start and then we can give a custom
name OK we can give a custom name so that Nicolete and we can call it.
And it's sort of this the symbol.
So this is the name of the note when we execute the note we're going to assign the following name in
the initialiser is going to use this name for the particular note that you will execute.
OK.
And then in the same file I'm going to start of the tally up in the same way.
We're going to use the time note and then the package name which is also 30 C and then the type of the
node it use turtle Eliakim just this one and then we going to assign a name for the node which is called
the turtle into your name.
Now instead of running these for 10 minutes I can run these two notes OK just by launching this number
that is up and the school lunch for this I not need even to underscore because when we use the rest
now it's going to start to score.
If it is not already started and then this does seem that now it's defined in our package or as such.
This is the name of the package where it is defined.
And I do find it either.
So if you look at the workspace as I see this is essential CPB.
OK.
And then this is the SAAC in topic to motion.
We had lunch and then we were going to start this lunch right.
So this violence is actually belongs to essential CBP.
So now I'm going to make Ross the sensors separately and then I can see that they have many large files
I'm going to use the one that they have just declined which is called See daily job.
And here is going to start two notes.
So it has already started the turtle C simulator.
And in addition to this it has already started later.
Low key so we can verify that.
OK.
You can see know I'm able to control the motion using the DeLeo we can verify the name of the notes
using Krasnow.
And you can see now the note and you start to see underscore no this is the name of the note that we
have a sign in the fight we can find it out in the snow just yet.
And also they simply are not.
This is the other name that you have the same as in a.